What!
It's what you want to do
Dragon Lord
You're not old enough to recognize me.
Even if I'm blind, I can't help but know you
What's the matter
Do you know him?
Are you guys out of your mind?
Even Lord Long dares to provoke
Dragon Lord
Sorry.
Then how did they offend you?
Your people came to my box
Call my wife to drink in your box
Can you tell me how to solve this?
They asked your wife to drink in my box
You bastard
Blind your dog eyes
This lady who offended the dragon lord
Dragon Lord, I'm sorry.
I apologize to you for them.
You made me apologize the most
I don't know.
Why don't you tear off your hands quickly?
Line up first
Sorry dragon lord
I really didn't mean to
Please forgive me this time
You just aggressively said you were going to kill me
You still want me to bite you?
Hurry up and cut off your hands and get out of here